Update README.md (#41)
SeldonIO/helm-charts: README.md

# helm-charts
Seldon Helm Charts

> Note, this repository is for hosting the released charts only. All PRs and issues should go into [Seldon Core](https://github.com/SeldonIO/seldon-core) repository for our OSS products and into support tickets for enterprise products.

Author: ```suggestion
Note, this repository is for hosting the released charts only. 
All PRs and issues should go into [Seldon Core](https://github.com/SeldonIO/seldon-core) repository for our OSS products and into support tickets for enterprise products.
```

# helm-charts
Seldon Helm Charts

Note, this repository is for hosting the released charts only. 

> All PRs and issues should go into [Seldon Core](https://github.com/SeldonIO/seldon-core) repository for our OSS products and into support tickets for enterprise products.

Author: ```suggestion
All PRs and issues should go into [Seldon Core](https://github.com/SeldonIO/seldon-core) repository for our OSS products and into support ticketing system for enterprise products.
```
